Added the option to display optional phone number (#1250)
nsbno/spor: .changeset/chilled-cheetahs-applaud.md

---
"@vygruppen/spor-react": minor
---

> Added the option to display phonenumber as optional

Reviewer: Skriv det slik:

```suggestion
PhoneNumberInput: Added the option to display the input as optional
```
